DOC-2828 Moved Auto Tiering install to install on Linux. (#2965)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/installing-upgrading/install/prepare-install/_index.md

- If you require the `redislabs` UID (user ID) and GID (group ID) numbers to be the same on all the nodes, create the `redislabs` user and group with the required numbers on each node.

> - If you want to use Auto Tiering for your databases, see [Prepare Auto Tiering]({{<relref "rs/installing-upgrading/install/install-on-linux#prepare-flash">}}).

Reviewer: Fixing broken anchor
```suggestion
- If you want to use Auto Tiering for your databases, see [Auto Tiering installation]({{<relref "rs/installing-upgrading/install/install-on-linux#auto-tiering-installation">}}).
```
